All right welcome to the hundred algorithms challenge how to ace the javascript coding interview so
this is one of those ones.
Catch Tuesday in development we got to get in because we can't believe they are good developers.
So many people are not.
And we need to make sure that you the best the best.
But if you do a set technical stressful interview you can make good money and have good opportunities
to get paid better than the average Dev and that's really our objective here.
So a little bit about me.
Who am I.
My name is John Ishall am 30 years old.
I myself started to help.
I have three cats.
I really was trying not to get the section to sound like a dating profile but that's what it sounds
like regardless.
I currently work as a front end engineer but I can do full stack.
I am a content creator on YouTube as well.
I get about a million minutes before watch a month and the minute I watch a lot.
We need to work on some of our spelling in past tense here.
But you know you go to YouTube datacom slash co-insurance 360 and check out some videos or doing anything
from tutorials to topic oriented to projects like coding whatever it may be.
Depends on the flavor of the month of how I'm feeling.
That's who I am very passionate.
I just go to meet ups and joy.
I enjoy all aspects of code really at the end of day.
So what's your objective with this course.
Well our objective here is we're going to get better with javascript and Tipler if you don't do 100
algorithms and not get better in the language of that choice we're going to get more familiar with some
of those higher order functions that you you maybe don't use and you know maybe write a for loop here
and you do some if statements that's fine and something wrong with that but you should know the tools
and the power of the higher order functions that are available by the end of this you'll have a hundred
algorithm portfolio.
My goal for you is every time we finish an algorithm you push it you get out you get going to start
building that up and you show that you're coding every day and learning every day.
That's my that's my goal for you.
And more than more importantly I guess are all really important.
But you're going to be prepared for technical interviews.
The key to success in life is often repetition and consistency.
So that's what you're that's what our objective here is by going through these hundred algorithms seeing
my solutions and developing ones of your own that hopefully you pick up a few things so that the technical
interview comes you're ready to go.
And so what are we going to cover.
We're going to cover javascript.
We're also in cover typescript I did this course in Taipei which is a superset of javascript and if
you don't know typescript don't worry about it.
There's no learning curve at all.
Really.
Honestly guys it's real simple and if you don't like typescript it which I can't imagine why not.
But if you don't like it you can just write it in very Guler javascript so we're going to of course
cover a hundred problems so you don't put a 100 algorithm challenge for having 100 algorithms and we
have 100 here solved that I solved these aren't just things I pulled off the internet and ripped answers
these items that I sat down I solved in my own time.
I spent probably about two to three months doing this building this course.
It's been a long process but something that already today with my own job interviews and my own my own
you know assessments I'm much better than I was just by going through this process so I have high hopes
for most of you you if you follow the design of the course so what is I is of course how does that work.
Well we're going to give you an objective right.
We're going to give you an hour with some examples that will show you in the next video a little bit
more of a breakdown so we can actually see it right slides are just words with me talking.
Let's actually see what we'll be doing.
But you're going to have an objective that's our algorithm that we want.
So you're going to try and solve it.
My hope is that you solve about two to three of these a day.
Some are super easy.
Some are super hard and they range right.
And I sort them alphabetically because I don't really know where you are and to me if I was organized
by difficulty I don't know that that would be the best because I want you to challenge yourself.
And what's difficult for me may not be difficult for you.
So what I what you're going to do is hopefully you'll solve it.
And if you do you just compare answers.
If you do you sort of hit a wall and you don't know where to go.
Go watch the video.
No there's no shame in that.
You're here to learn.
Right.
But do challenge yourself to get going.
So let's go ahead and jump in to see how the Course actually works with some with some code.